classification	body
late check out	Hi sorry to bother you again may I check is it for me to check out at 12pm tomorrow noon? 
transport directions	Just one more question how do we get to Mt Fiji from our station? 
portable wifi	Sorry just to check do you have portable wifi too? 
more details	Do you mind sending it to (EMAIL HIDDEN) ? Thanks 
more details	"Hello, Do you have a power point file for all detail?"
early luggage storage	"Hi, We've just booked! Our trip feels real now :) I have a question: our flight arrives at Haneda at 7:15 a.m. but the check-in time for your apartment is after 3 p.m. Do you know of anywhere we can leave our luggage until then? Thank you!"
tv	"Dear, We first travelled to Tokyo in 2015 and fell in love with the city. We're excited to visit again in May 2018, and really like the look of your apartment! It seems perfect for my husband and I. I see that the apartment has Netflix - can you tell me whether we can also watch Japanese TV? During our last visit, we enjoyed watching music television and other entertainment channels on the hotel TV. doumoarigatougozaimashita!"
transport directions	"Hi, Just wanted to say your place is great to stay in!We also wondered if you know of any recommended taxi firm we can book a taxi on Saturday early morning to Haneda airport. Our flight is at 08.50am so we would need to be picked up from around 05.30am. Also approximately how much would it cost us? There's 2 people with 2 luggage's. Thank you!! "
room availability	Thanks for your email. I still cannot see your calendar for April 2018 yet on air b n b. It only goes up to March 2018. Please can you let me know how much it would cost for me to book 1 April to 7 April 2018? Thank you! 
payment	I see there is money in the mailbox. It's 6000 yen. Should I leave it in there?
sightseeing	Do you have any suggestions as to where my 10 year old daughter and I could celebrate New Years Eve possibly in Harajuku where she can see all things Kawaii and cute girls dressed up Harajuku style? 
contact details	Hi Could you give the phone number again? 
how are you?	"Hello, how are you? We are coming to Tokyo for our honeymoon and would love to stay at your apartment. We look forward to hearing from you. Kind regards :)"
check in process	But how can I take a room key?
special request	Can you help me order the tickets? We are two people. We want go to Ghibli-museum.Mitaka at 11/18 morning